{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
//find the clues for the crimesene\
grep "CLUE" crimescene > crimeSceneClues.txt\
\
//Fid Annabel in people\
grep "Annabel" people > AnnabelListings.txt\
\
//Interviews that matter\
head -n 173 streets/Mattapan_Street | tail -n 1\
\
SEE INTERVIEW #9437737 (Not the witness from the cafe) - NOT VALID\
\
head -n 40  streets/Hart_Place | tail -n 1\
\
SEE INTERVIEW #47246024 - Ms. Sun has brown hair and is not from New Zealand.  Not the witness from the cafe.%\
\
head -n 179  streets/Buckingham_Place | tail -n 1\
SEE INTERVIEW #699607\
Interviewed Ms. Church at 2:04 pm.  Witness stated that she did not see anyone she could identify as the shooter, that she ran away as soon as the shots were fired.\
\
However, she reports seeing the car that fled the scene.  Describes it as a blue Honda, with a license plate that starts with "L337" and ends with "9"%\
\
\
head -n 176  streets/Haley_Street | tail -n 1\
SEE INTERVIEW #871877 - Mr. Fuglsang is male and has brown hair.  Not the witness from the cafe.%\
\
//Now moving into finding the car and license place\
grep "L337" vehicles\
\
No creating a new file with this data // suspect Hondas\
grep -A 5 "Honda" suspectHonda.txt\
grep -A 1 "Owner" suspectHonda.txt > finalSuspects\
\
//Now I have list of Suspect Honda with males and females and height - Only 3 left on finalSuspects.txt\
//Now looking into cards left at scene\
\
grep "Bostock" AAA \
//still suspect\
\
grep "Germuska" AAA\
//still suspect\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 grep "Bowers" AAA\
//still suspect\
\
grep \'93Bostock" Delta_SkyMiles\
grep "Germuska" Delta_SkyMiles \
//Germuska no longer a suspect\
grep "Bowers" Delta_SkyMiles\
\
/?Same Grep showed membership for Bowers and Rostock at both libraries.  \
//All is left is the Museum\
\
grep "Bostock" Museum_of_Bash_History\
grep "Bostock" museum.txt\
\
//Shows for both\
grep "Bowers" Museum_of_Bash_History\
grep "Bowers" museum.txt\
\
//Both Bowers and Bostock are still suspects.\
//What the heck !!!\
\
//Went back to vehicles and Bostock Honda is Teal Color\
\
so Murderer is Bowers\
grep -B 2 -A 3 "Bowers" vehicles\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}